


Green beans, also known as string beans, snap beans in the northeastern and
 western United States, or ejotes in Mexico, are the unripe fruit of various
 cultivars of the common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris).[1][2] Green bean cultivars 
have been selected especially for the fleshiness, flavor, or sweetness of their
 pods.





Ampalaya is a vegetable grown throughout the Philippines. It is mostly cultivated
, although wild forms can be found. It grows wild in the remote areas of Mt.
 Banahaw. As the English name suggests (bitter melon), the melon has a bitter 
taste due to the presence of momordicin. There has been much research done on 
the effectiveness of using Momordica Charantia in the treatment of diabetes. 
It has been shown to increase production of beta cells by the pancreas, 
thereby improving the body’s ability to produce insulin. It has been recommended 
by the Department of Health of the Philippines, as one of the best herbal 
medicines for it's ability to help with liver problems, Diabetes and HIV. 
It is a common herb used in Chinese herbology. In the Philippines, the leaves 
are often used for children's coughs. It is also used in the treatment of skin 
diseases, sterility in women, as a parasiticide, as an antipyretic, and as a
 purgative.

eggplant
The fruit is widely used in cooking, most notably as an important ingredient in 
dishes such as moussaka and ratatouille. As a member of the genus Solanum,
 it is related to both the tomato and the potato. It was originally domesticated 
from the wild nightshade species, the thorn or bitter apple, S. 
incanum,[8][9][10] probably with two independent domestications, one in the
 region of South Asia, and one in East Asia.[11]

Calabaza (West Indian pumpkin) is "a large winter squash (Cucurbita moschata) 
that resembles a pumpkin and is typically grown in the West Indies and tropical
 America."[1] The term is also used loosely for a variety of gourds from Africa, 
the Americas and the Caribbean.

The word calabaza is derived from the Persian term for melon (kharbuz). 
The French term "calabasse", and hence the English "calabash", is based on 
the older Spanish.[2][3] In common use "calabash" refers to a gourd native 
to the African continent, while "calabaza" refers to a gourd native to the Americas.
 In North America, the word "calabaza" refers to any of several species of 
tropical gourds of the genus Cucurbita. Two common species native to the Caribbean 
are C. moschata and C. maxima. The widespread species C. foetidissima specifically 
identifies "calabaza" as one of its common names. The Spanish "calabacera frasco" 
[literal translation; bottle-shaped gourd] refers specifically to C. foetidissima. 
Local names for "large green or yellow gourds" include "auyama" (Venezuela, Colombia)
, "ayote" (Central America), "abóbora" (Brazil), and "zapallo" much of South America.


Siling labuyo is a small chili pepper cultivar[1] commonly found in the Philippines.
 The cultivar name is Tagalog, and literally it translates to "wild chili."[1] Other
 local names for it include chileng bundok, siling palay, pasitis, pasite (Tagalog),
 katumbal, kitikot, siling kolikot (Bisaya), silit-diablo (Ilocano), lada, rimorimo 
(Bicolano), and paktin
The siling labuyo plant is a perennial with small, tapering fruits, often 2-3, at a node.[3] The fruits of most varieties are red, some are yellow, purple or black. The fruits are very pungent.

In Filipino supermarkets there are now red bird's eye chilies that are commonly 
labeled as siling labuyo but are actually a chili pepper variety from the species
 Capsicum annuum[1] that came by way of Taiwan. These are said to pack less heat 
than the native siling labuyo but are popular with retailers because their color 
and shape are more consistent and thus beautiful and have a longer shelf life.




 Botanical Corporation is the leading supplier, producer and breeder of vegetable
 seeds in the Philippines. With a solid program for localized breeding, the company
 prides itself with its rigid selection and breeding for tropical vegetables.

We are supplier of the best quality vegetable and flower seeds a grower can find
 in the Philippines. We carry some of the world’s best known brands in the 
horticulture business, each brand is a symbol of excellence and specialization
 in its field.  Each brand is a result of our meticulous and rigid screening and
 selection. In partnership with our foreign suppliers, we pride ourselves in 
bringing the best seeds and fertilizer technology available to the Filipino farmers.


For more than two decades, the company has consistently provided the Philippine 
market with superior seeds and other farm inputs. Our aim is to propel the Filipino 
farmer to become globally competitive in the 21st century.



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
ng to grow peppers this season? Great! Peppers are chock-full of good flavor 
and nutrition. Here’s a step-by-step guide to help you reap your best pepper 
crop ever, whether you’re starting with your own transplants or planting ones 
you bought at your local garden center.

1. Choose and prepare the site. 
The right site can make all the difference in how well peppers perform. 
Choose a sunny, well-drained spot where peppers haven’t grown recently.
 The soil should be deep, rich, and loamy. If yours isn’t, amend it with 
about 1 inch of compost. Avoid adding too much nitrogen to the soil, however.
 Excessive nitrogen can cause the pepper plants to grow too fast, making them 
more susceptible to disease and less productive.

2. Harden-off the seedlings. 
Before you plant your pepper seedlings, you’ll need to harden them off
 by gradually exposing them to outdoor conditions. (This gradual exposure
 to the weather helps seedlings adjust, so they’ll be less stressed when 
you plant them. And less stress means bigger, more productive peppers.)
 When daytime temps reach the mid-60s, set the seedlings in a sheltered 
location outdoors, such as next to the house or garage, for a few hours 
each day for 3 or 4 days. Over the next week, slowly extend that outdoor 
time. Meanwhile, as the pepper seedlings are becoming accustomed to the 
outdoors, you can warm the pepper bed by covering it with dark landscape 
fabric.

3. Plant the peppers.
Peppers like warmth, so wait to plant until nighttime temperatures have 
consistently reached 60°F and all danger of frost has passed. If possible,
 set out your peppers on a cloudy day to help reduce stress on the plants.
 Space the plants 12 to 20 inches apart, depending on the mature size of the 
variety, and set them a bit deeper than they were in their containers.
(Like tomatoes, peppers grow extra roots from the buried portion of the stem.) 
Stake or cage taller varieties so that the stems do not break in strong winds 
or due to a heavy fruit load. After you plant the pepper seedlings, water them
 well.

4. Water and mulch your peppers. 
Throughout the growing season, make sure your pepper plants receive at least
 an inch of water a week. Check the peppers often during periods of extreme 
heat and drought, when each plant can easily take a gallon of water a day. 
If you live in a very hot, arid region, add a thick layer of organic mulch 
to help retain soil moisture and to help moderate the soil temperature. 
But do this only after your soil has warmed—mulching cool soil will keep
 it too cool and stunt the pepper plants’ growth.

5. Pinch off the first flowers. 
As difficult as it might be for you, pinch off any early blossoms that 
appear on your pepper plants. This won’t harm the plants. In fact, it 
helps them direct their energy into growing, so you get lots of large 
fruits later in the season (and a higher overall yield) instead of just 
a few small fruits early on.
6. Reap the bounty. 
You can harvest the peppers at their immature green or purple stage, 
but the flavor will be sweeter if you wait for them to turn their 
mature color—usually red, but sometimes golden yellow or orange. 
Italian fryers, jalapenos, and Cubanelles are possible exceptions: 
Many people prefer the flavor of these peppers when they are full size 
but still green. To harvest the peppers, cut them off with hand pruners.
 Pulling them off by hand can damage the plant.